{"links": {"self": {"href": "data/repositories/osrf/subt/issues/151/comments/53446452.json"}, "html": {"href": "#!/osrf/subt/issues/151#comment-53446452"}}, "issue": {"links": {"self": {"href": "data/repositories/osrf/subt/issues/151.json"}}, "type": "issue", "id": 151, "repository": {"links": {"self": {"href": "data/repositories/osrf/subt.json"}, "html": {"href": "#!/osrf/subt"}, "avatar": {"href": "data/bytebucket.org/ravatar/{3c95f6ad-c304-407c-b838-09597d836552}ts=2272898"}}, "type": "repository", "name": "subt", "full_name": "osrf/subt", "uuid": "{3c95f6ad-c304-407c-b838-09597d836552}"}, "title": "*** FAQ: How To Migrate Gazebo9 Controller(s) to Ignition ***"}, "content": {"raw": "Regarding Q2, I was not making any request about the TF tree issue. Rather, I was making a general suggestion of a transition guide outlining major changes that were intentional on your end with anticipated impacts on our end. For example:\n\nTransition guide:\n\n1. We are not following REP-105 anymore. The tf tree you should expect to use instead should look like \\[whatever\\]. You may have to rename frame ids to account for this.\n2. \\[Some other major change\\]\n3. \\[etc\\]\n\nWe have been finding these all out for ourselves over time and posting issues as necessary, but I\u2019m assuming you have a list of major changes maintained internally, so my Q2 is really just a suggestion that you expose the \u201cneed to knows\u201d of that internal list to us. You could consider including this as part of Q1.", "markup": "markdown", "html": "<p>Regarding Q2, I was not making any request about the TF tree issue. Rather, I was making a general suggestion of a transition guide outlining major changes that were intentional on your end with anticipated impacts on our end. For example:</p>\n<p>Transition guide:</p>\n<ol>\n<li>We are not following REP-105 anymore. The tf tree you should expect to use instead should look like [whatever]. You may have to rename frame ids to account for this.</li>\n<li>[Some other major change]</li>\n<li>[etc]</li>\n</ol>\n<p>We have been finding these all out for ourselves over time and posting issues as necessary, but I\u2019m assuming you have a list of major changes maintained internally, so my Q2 is really just a suggestion that you expose the \u201cneed to knows\u201d of that internal list to us. You could consider including this as part of Q1.</p>", "type": "rendered"}, "created_on": "2019-08-16T23:00:29.858163+00:00", "user": {"display_name": "Sarah Kitchen", "uuid": "{6e33efb0-dd9b-4c54-9597-53cb73099f33}", "links": {"self": {"href": "https://api.bitbucket.org/2.0/users/%7B6e33efb0-dd9b-4c54-9597-53cb73099f33%7D"}, "html": {"href": "https://bitbucket.org/%7B6e33efb0-dd9b-4c54-9597-53cb73099f33%7D/"}, "avatar": {"href": "data/secure.gravatar.com/avatar/29a4e0df12f5ebcc54cd596a60606526d=httpsavatar-management--avatars.us-west-2.prod.public.atl-paas.netinitialsSK-1.png"}}, "nickname": "snkitche", "type": "user", "account_id": "5be108d7216ccf49622e6b67"}, "updated_on": null, "type": "issue_comment", "id": 53446452}